Transportation :

How to get to Chikkamaguluru from Bengaluru:

Board a KSRTC Bus from Kempegouda Bus Station(Majestic) Terminal 1 

Find the bus availability here. 

The Bus fare will be around Rs.250 per person and journey takes 4-5hours. 

Stay :
Once you reach Chikkamagulru, there are various hotels near the main bus station you could opt to stay in. If you are visiting in an off Season you can directly book the rooms at arrival which would be cheaper compared to booking online. 

Budget Stays :

Rest Inn 
Grand Krishna Luxury Hotel 
Crystal Inn
Tresca Luxury Hotel 

Beautiful Homestays :

Note: If you are willing to stay in homestays, it is better to have your own vehicle as most of the homestays are amid coffee estates that are away from city. 

Thotadahalli Homestay 
Thippanahalli Homestay
Coffee Bean Homestay 
Forest Homestay 

Vehicles are available for  rents on per day basis. 
cost for gearless 2 wheeler vehicle would be Rs.500 - 600.
Riderz Bike Rental

Day1
Start the day early around 7am with breakfast at Town canteen. 
1. First visit Hirekolale Lake to witness the beautiful lake covered in fog with the back drop of mountain peaks. 
2. Take this route from lake to  Mullayangiri Peak which is less taken.
3. After Mullayangiri, next make way to Jhari waterfalls which is in a private coffee estate.
4. Next, start towards Baba Budan Giri.
(Know the story of Baba budan giri here)
After the tiring trek to both the peaks, you could come back to city by mid afternoon and rest for the day. 

You could also explore World of Coffee Experience Cafe in the evening. 

Note: It is always better to leisurely explore the places taking you own time instead of  hurrying to cover more places. 

Day 2:

1. Start the day around 8am to Kemmanagundi via this route and do visit    Kallathigiri Hill falls on the way.
2. After a relaxing lunch from nearby local shops, start your journey to Hebbe WaterFalls. 
and later end your day by visiting this serene less explored lake, Rameshwara Lake.

Day 3:

Save the last day of the trip for trekking the Mighty Ethina Buja peak in Mudigere. 
(click here to know the more about the trek), the entire hike too and fro, takes around 2hours. 

if you still have time available before heading back home, 
Do visit  Bettada Bhairaveshwara temple which is 600 year old temple among the thick forests of western ghats.