We often hear people speaking about how they wish to see Eifel tower at least once or maybe Greece any many other beautiful places in European regions. We should Definitely witness them once in life time, I very much agree.

Being so fascinated about Instagram pictures of different countries, I think most of the times we miss to appreciate the gems India has hidden within it, speaking of which, our own Karnataka has embraced within it. 
Karnataka is a wonders, As best descried by Nisar Ahmed in the sing Nityotsava, we have the lush green Sahyadris running just parallel to the long deep blue ocean with variety of flora and fauna. 

If you ever ask me what is the one thing everybody must have a experience of, I would definitely recommend the great monsoons of western ghats. 
As the beautiful month of August arrived, we were all set to explore many of the vibrant historic gems in the calming rains. Our first destination Being the hill town of Sringeri in Chikkamagaluru. 

Sringeri is located on the banks of the Tunga river and is surrounded by picturesque views and stunning beauty, located amidst Sahyadri hills, Sringeri is renowned for the Sringeri Sharada Peetham, the first matha established by Adi Shankaracharya. 
The Story of why Shankaracharya selected Sringeri as a place to stay and teach his disciples fascinates everybody. It is said that when he was walking by the Tunga river, he witnessed a cobra with a raised hood, providing shelter from the hot sun, to a frog undergoing labour. Impressed with the place where natural enemies had gone beyond their instincts, he stayed here for twelve years and history was created. 
Being such a important pilgrimage, the town of Sringeri still withholds its old rustic charms, being a very small town with limited population, you are welcomed by smiles everywhere around, be it the kind old lady selling flowers who offers a extra rose to compliment you or the Auto uncle who whole heartedly invites you to visit again. The small tea stalls, tiffin centers at home and everything else is what makes this town beautiful. 
While the Matha it self is huge and has a rich history associated with it, the cute mother-son duo of temple Elephants and the friendly staff who serve the Annaprasadam were what got a smile on my face. 
Being a unplanned trip itself, after the temple visit we were clueless about the next place to go, that is when a Auto uncle offered to take us to Agumbe. 
Agumbe is registered as a UNESCO World Heritage Site and is famous for its rich biodiversity, waterfalls and red-hazy sun-set over the Arabian Sea. It is proudly called as the Chirapunji of the South and the Cobra Capital of the Country.
As our Auto made its way through the dense forests in the heavy rains, the misty mountains on one side and the paddy fields on the other held our attention, while we neared the view point, a troop of monkeys welcomed us happily. 
The breathtaking view of the western ghats was complimented with fast moving clouds and occasional heavy rainfall which felt was pouring horizontal due to the strong breeze. 
When I was a small girl and we took family trip to Subramanya, the small streams that flow all along the road always amused me and I always wished to get down and play in one of them, but it had never happened. So the best part of this little visit to Agumbe was when we stopped for Chai at a small tea stall just beside a stream, I knew I had to fulfill this dream of mine. The little girl in me was the happiest as we played in the flowing water and took as many pictures as one could. 
While we travelled back home that night, we were all contend and happy, it is rightly said sometimes Nature heals us in a way we don't know!