Living in cities  is a mixture of emotions, sometimes the traffic and city lights soothe your lonely soul but again we all wish to watch the world from top of mountains talking to the clouds as the cool breeze gently washes all the worries off our face. 

I think we all have at least one place on our list which is brings us peace. I already had found mine, Himavada Gopalswamy Betta. maybe we could talk about it sometime later? But on my 25th birthday one more place was added to the list which is the mighty Ethina Buja!

Ethina Buja  is a mountain peak among the famous Charmadi Ghats, it means Ox's Shoulder in Kannada. There are two ways one can hike up this peak, from Shishila village near Dharmasthala which would require prior permissions from Karnataka State Forest department and the other way is from Sri Nanya Bhairaveshwara Temple in Byrapura which is 25kms from Mudigere which we opted for. 

On the way from Chikkamagalur city to the temple  you experience variety of landscapes, beautiful valleys with the sight of western ghats, lush green paddy fields and of course the pride of chikkamagalur Coffee Estates!

The most exciting part of the journey for us was riding  through the KUDREGUNDI ESTATES from where the coffee beans are sourced by our very own Cafe Coffee Day who started the Coffee Revolution in the Tea loving India!  

As you approach nearer to Ethina Buja, you get to witness the Bull like Rock that stands tall among the other mountain ranges which are all covered in clouds. But the best view was from a little tea stall run by a happy couple amid the paddy fields and little streams of water flowing along which seemed like a nature's painting we drew as kids. 

Once we approached the  temple, the weather turned to our favor and as it rained the previous night we sure did encounter a lot of our little friends Leaches! So be cautious while you enjoy stomping in rainwater puddles. 

While Treks could be tiring, the fun part of it is you get to meet different people who help each other as we hike up the rock like we all were friends all along the way. 

So in the end, be it a long or short hike, the feeling you get after reaching the summit remains explainable. The clouds that pass you, light drizzle of rain and the endless mountain ranges you